Hello everyone, my name is Ignacio Guarner Sala and i am recording this video in representation of MedConect, I am a co-author of this web page alongside Aldrin Guzman Figueroa, and we want to share our web page. This page is a medical encyclopaedia as we will see later. It is still unfinished but already have something of value to show. First, this is our index page, where we have a header. Here we have a link to the University of Alicante, here is for returning to the index, a browser that we will see later and other methods which we will also see later. This is the index, here the most important part is the medical encyclopaedia, where the articles are organized alphabetically and the featured articles section, which shows articles that may be of interest. Let’s enter for example in the C section, and in the C page we can enter in Coronavirus. Here we have a table of contents, all the articles have one. Here we have the article itself, a video, and an interactive map. I'm not going to use it right now because all the links are broken, but you can click in the different parts, and it redirects to the different countries. Let's return to index and let's see the browser. It is very simple, first you select the category, the thing that you want to search, if you want it to be searched ad an "and", an "or" or a "not" and finally you check this to confirm the search. The browser doesn't work right now, it sends you to Search not found, but we will make it work. Let's go see Other methods, and here we have a small page about the human skeleton, another interactive map, this one does work and it sends you to the Wikipedia article about the specific bone you choose and a table with all of the bones of the human skeleton. Let's return to the index. We have the featured articles section, and let's see the page to sends us a message to contact us.  You send a subject, your role, the date of birth, your sex, your email address, and you check if you want to receive more information.  As you can see the subject and message sections have an asterisk. This is you signal that these are compulsory sections. If you try to send a message without writing anything here it alerts you with an error. We also have a small quiz which is similar to the former page. You select your birth date, your age, a small cognicity test, your favourite colour, and your grade of satisfaction. Again, we have compulsory sections. We also have our accessibility page, were we have our declaration of accessibility, some examples of accessibility in documents, what is accessibility and that we basically have a compromise to  make our web page as accessible as  possible. Finally, we have a table of contents for our whole web page, which has all the relevant sections and links. You can access the index, articles with a, articles with c, other methods, our forms, and the accessibility page. This is all and thank you for watching.

